JAMES-4059 MailetContainerModule should not do a strict check on RemoveMimeHeader with bcc name param (#2393)
apache/james-project: docs/modules/servers/pages/distributed/configure/jvm.adoc

# james.reactor.inputstream.prefetch=4
----

== Disable mailet container check at James startup

James is doing a check on startup making sure that the `bcc` header is being removed via
`RemoveMimeHeader` mailet in the mail processing pipeline defined in `mailetcontainer.xml` file.

> It could be useful for some administrators that know what they are doing to disable such a check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It could be useful for some administrators that know what they are doing to disable such checks
```
